Adding tags to your YouTube channel it will help you get more views by telling Google watch your youtube
channel is about you'll have a much better chance of appearing in the search results or in those suggestive
videos.
By default your YouTube channel will have no tags.
So you do need to add them manually to do that.
You want to come up and click on your channel icon and then come down into Creator studio.
Once inside come down to the left hand side bar and click on channel and then come down into the advanced
section.
It's in here that you want to add in your channel key words and you really want to make them relevant
to the videos that you are putting at.
For example if I had a channel by cooking I could put in things like cooking recipe meals each key word
that you put in you want to separate by a comma.
Nothing needs to be capitalized and a great tip is that there's no limit to the amount of keywords or
tags that you put in.
So you can just put in as many as you think that are relevant.
Once you don't you just want to come down and click on Save.
So that action has been saved.
Now it's your turn.
Come into the creators studio and the advance section under your channel and those tags to your channel
so you can get more views.